- Thank you.
- Would you like something else?
No. No, no, not just yet. I'm waiting.
.
I'm expecting someone.
Would this be one of your regular haunts?
.
I don't have any regular haunts.
Let me see it.
.
Sometimes I imagine
I still feel it around my neck.
.
I carried it for so many years.
How does it feel around yours?
.
We can free each other of it.
Love to chatter, don't they,
our Muggle friends.
.
Though one must admit,
they make a good cup of tea.
.
What you're doing is madness.
It's what we said we'd do.
.
- I was young. I was...
- Committed.
.
To me.
To us.
.
No, I went along because...
Because?
.
Because I was in love with you.
Yes.
.
But that's not why you went along.
It was you who said
we could reshape the world.
.
That it was our birthright.
Can you smell it? The stench.
.
Do you really intend
to turn your back on your own kind?
.
For these animals?
With or without you,
I'll burn down their world, Albus.
.
There's nothing you can do to stop me.
Enjoy your cup of tea.
.
She's ready.
Beautiful.
.
All right, you two.
Now, the tricky bit.
.
Accio.
I'm so sorry.
.
Twins.
You had twins.
.
Leave us.
Show me.
.
The others, they said it was special.
It's beyond special.
.
See?
See its eyes?
.
Those eyes see everything.
When a Qilin is born, a righteous leader
will rise to change our world forever.
.
Her birth brings change,
Credence, to everything.
.
You did well.
Go.
.
Rest.
There.
.
I don't suppose you'd like to tell me
what this is about, would you?
.
He just asked that we meet,
and that I be sure to bring you.
.
Right.
Here to meet my brother, I expect.
.
No, sir.
We're here to see Albus Dumbledore.
.
That would be my brother.
Sorry. Brilliant.
.
I'm Newt Scamander,
and this is Theseus...
.
Up the stairs. First on the left.
Has Newt told you why you're here?
.
Was he meant to?
No. As a matter of fact.
.
There's something that we... That
Dumbledore wishes to speak to you about.
.
It's a proposal.
All right.
.
You know what this is, of course.
Newt had it in Paris.
.
I can't say I have much
experience with such things...
.
but it looks to me to be a blood troth.
That would be correct.
.
And whose blood is contained within?
Mine.
.
And Grindelwald's.
I'm assuming that's why
you can't move against him?
.
Yes.
Nor he against me.
.
Can I ask, what would possess you
to make such a thing?
.
Love.
Arrogance. Naivete. Pick your poison.
.
We were young,
we were going to transform the world.
.
This ensured that we would,
even if one of us had a change of heart.
.
And what would happen
if you were to fight him?
.
It's really quite beautiful,
you have to admit.
.
Were I to even think about defying it...
It knows, you see.
.
Albus.
It senses the betrayal in my heart.
.
Albus.
That would be the least of it.
.
Young man's magic,
but as you can see...
.
powerful magic.
It can't be undone.
.
So this proposal, I take it
the Qilin has something to do with it?
.
He promises he won't tell a soul.
If we're to defeat him...
.
the Qilin's only part of it.
The world as we know it is coming undone.
.
Gellert's pulling it apart
with hate, bigotry.
.
Things that seem unimaginable today
will seem inevitable tomorrow...
.
if we don't stop him.
Should you agree to do what I ask...
.
you'll have to trust me.
Even when every instinct tells you not to.
.
Let's hear it.
Does he send you to spy on me?
.
No.
But he asks.
.
What ya thinkin', what ya feeling.
And the others?
.
Does he ask what
they're thinking and feeling?
.
Yes, but it's mostly you.
And do you tell him?
.
You do.
Who's reading whose mind now?
.
Tell me what you see.
You're a Dumbledore.
.
It's an important family.
You know this because he's told you.
.
He's also told you they abandoned you.
That you were a dirty secret.
.
He says Dumbledore abandoned him too,
and he knows how you feel.
.
And for that reason...
he's asked you to kill him.
.
I want you to go now, Queenie.
I don't tell him.
.
Not always.
Not everything.
.
Hey, we're...
Queenie.
.
Hi, sweetie.
Honey...
.
look at your bakery.
It's like a ghost town.
.
Yeah, well, I missed you.
Oh, baby.
.
Why don't you come here?
Come here.
.
Hey.
Everything's gonna be all right.
.
Everything's gonna be just fine.
Hey, sweetheart, what brings you downtown?
.
I really hope you didn't spend all day
coming up with that.
.
You want scary, is that what you want?
You know what it is,
you just aren't menacing enough.
.
I think I'm plenty menacing.
Am I not menacing?
.
Maybe if you waved your arms around,
you know, like a crazy man...
.
then you'd appear more menacing.
That's good. A little more.
.
A little more.
Keep going. Perfect.
.
Three, two, one.
Hey!
.
That's enough. Get outta here.
What's on your mind, baker boy?
.
Jeez.
You should be ashamed of yourselves.
.
Well, we're not.
It's a lady.
.
I tell you what...
I'll give you the first shot.
.
Go ahead.
You sure?
.
Oh, boy.
Last time I ever help that woman out again.
.
Lally!
Whoopsie, Frank.
Sometimes I forget my own strength.
.
I'll take it from here.
Thank you!
Welcome.
.
- Catch you later, Lally.
- Bye, Stanley.
.
I'll be over for a game
of Befudler Dudley soon.
.
All right.
That's my cousin Stanley. He's a wizard.
.
No.
Please! It's early,
don't make me work for it.
.
I said I wanted out, and I want out.
Come now, Mr. Kowalski.
.
Can't believe my therapist said
you wizards don't exist.
.
What a waste of money!
You do know I'm a witch, right?
.
Yeah.
Look, you seem
like a really nice witch.
.
You don't know what
I've been through with you people.
.
So, could you please get out of my life?
- A little over a year ago...
.
- Oh, my...
in the hopes of securing
a small business loan...
.
you walked through the doors
of the Steen National Bank...
.
located about six blocks from here.
You then made the acquaintance
of Newt Scamander...
.
the world's foremost and,
albeit only, magizoologist.
.
You then learned of a world
you had previously been wholly unaware of.
.
You met and fell in love
with a witch named Queenie Goldstein...
.
had your brain wiped by means
of Obliviation, only it didn't take.
.
And as a result, you reunited
with Ms. Goldstein who...
.
after your refusal to marry her...
decided to join Gellert Grindelwald
and his dark army of followers...
.
who pose the single greatest threat to
both your world and ours in four centuries.
.
How did I do?
That was good.
.
Except for the part about Queenie
going over to the dark side.
.
I mean, yeah, she's cuckoo.
But she's got a heart
bigger than this whole crazy island...
.
and she's so smart, you know?
She can legitimately
read your brain, you know...
.
she's a whatchamacallit...
- A Legilimens.
.
- Yeah.
Look...
.
You see this?
You see the pan?
.
That's me, I'm the pan.
I'm all dented, dime-a-dozen.
.
I'm just a schmo.
I don't know what kind of crazy ideas
you have in your head there, lady...
.
but I'm sure as hell
you could do a lot better than me.
.
Goodbye.
I don't think we can, Mr. Kowalski.
.
You could have ducked under the counter,
but you didn't.
.
You could have looked the other way,
but you didn't.
.
In fact, you were willing to put yourself
in danger to save a perfect stranger.
.
Seems to me you're just the kind
of average Joe the world needs right now.
.
You just don't know it yet.
That's why I had to show you.
.
We need you, Mr. Kowalski.
All right.
.
Call me Jacob.
- Call me Lally.
.
- Lally.
I gotta lock up.
.
Thanks.
Much better, Jacob.
.
I believe you know how this works, Jacob.
What did they say at the Ministry?
.
Liu or Santos?
Officially, the Ministry takes no position.
.
Unofficially, smart money's on Santos.
Although anyone would be better than Vogel.
.
Anyone?
I don't believe he's on the ballot, Kama.
.
He also happens to be a fugitive.
Is there a difference?
.
Spinning! Always with the spinning.
Jacob.
.
Welcome. You brilliant man.
Sorry.
.
I was absolutely sure
that Professor Hicks would convince you.
.
Yeah.
You know me, pal.
.
I can't pass up a good Portkey.
Mr. Scamander.
.
Professor Hicks.
- At long last.
.
So, Professor Hicks and I,
we've corresponded for many years...
.
but we've never actually met.
So, her book on advanced charm casting
is a must-read.
.
Newt is far too kind.
Fantastic Beasts is required reading
for all my fifth years.
.
Now, let me make some introductions.
So, this is Bunty Broadacre...
.
my indispensable assistant
for the past seven years.
.
Eight. Years.
And 164 days.
.
As you can see, indispensable.
And this is...
.
Yusuf Kama.
Pleasure.
.
And you, obviously,
already made Jacob's acquaintance.
.
Newt.
So, this is my brother, Theseus...
.
and he works for the Ministry.
Actually, head of the British Auror Office.
.
Well, I'll have to ensure
my wand registration's up-to-date.
.
Yes.
Although, strictly speaking,
that doesn't fall within my purview.
.
All right then.
Well, I imagine that you're all
wondering why you find yourselves here.
.
And in anticipation of that,
Dumbledore asked that I convey a message.
.
So, Grindelwald has the ability
to see snatches of the future.
.
So, we have to assume that he'll be able
to anticipate what we do before we do it.
.
So, if we hope to defeat him
and to save our world...
.
to save your world, Jacob...
then our best hope
is to confuse him.
.
'Scuse me.
I'm sorry. How do you confuse
a guy that can see the future?
.
Countersight.
Exactly.
.
The best plan being no plan.
Or, many overlapping plans.
.
Thus, confusion.
It's working on me right now.
.
In fact, Dumbledore asked that
I give you something, Jacob.
.
It's snake wood.
It's somewhat rare.
.
Are you kiddin' me right now?
Is this thing real?
.
Yes.
Well, it doesn't have a core,
so sort of, but yes.
.
It's sorta real?
More importantly,
where we're going, you'll need it.
.
Now, there's something for you too,
I think, Theseus.
.
Teddy, please let go now.
Teddy, please let go.
.
No. Teddy, will you behave?
This is Theseus's...
.
That's...
Well, of course.
.
Now everything makes sense.
Lally, I believe you were given
some reading material?
.
You know what they say.
A book can take you around
the world and back...
.
all you have to do is open it.
She ain't kiddin'.
.
Yes, Bunty...
that's for you.
.
I was told it was for your eyes only.
And, Kama.
.
I have what I need.
What about Tina? Is Tina coming?
.
Tina's not available.
Tina's been promoted,
she's very, very busy from...
.
well, from what I understand.
Tina's been made head
of the American Auror Office.
.
We know each other well.
She's quite a remarkable woman.
.
She is.
So, this is the team
that's gonna take down...
.
the most dangerous wizard
we've faced in over a century.
.
A magizoologist, his indispensable
assistant, a schoolteacher...
.
a wizard descended from
a very old French family, and...
.
a Muggle baker with his fake wand.
Hey, we got you too, pal...
.
and his wand works.
I
Who wouldn't like our chances?
.
You're all right, little one.
Berlin.
.
Wonderful.
Kama...
.
stay safe.
I must be going too now, Newt.
.
No one can know everything...
not even you.
.
Right.
Well, here it is.
.
German Ministry of Magic?
Yes.
.
I take it we're here for a reason.
Yes, we have a tea ceremony to attend...
.
and if we don't hurry up, we'll be late.
Jacob, stay with the group.
.
Santos! Santos! Santos!
Evening...
.
Helmut.
Theseus.
.
Hey, hey.
They're with me.
.
Santos! Santos! Santos!
Incendio.
.
I take it we're not here
for the finger sandwiches.
.
No, I have a message to deliver.
A message?
.
To who?
Mr. Vogel, it's a pleasure to be here.
.
It's an honor to meet you.
You are joking.
.
No.
What am I even doing here?
.
Let's go outside.
I'm not very good in these situations.
.
These situations?
With all the people, the fancy people.
.
Hello.
I saw you enter the room...
.
and I thought to myself...
Edith, that's an interesting-looking man.
.
Jacob Kowalski.
How are you?
.
Very nice to meet you.
And where is it you
hail from, Mr. Kowalski?
.
Queens.
Sorry, Herr Vogel.
.
Sorry, I wonder if I could have a word?
Merlin's beard, it's
Mr. Scamander, isn't it?
.
Herr Vogel...
I have a message from a friend,
and it cannot wait.
.
Do what is right...
not what is easy.
.
He said it was important
that I reach you tonight...
.
that you hear them tonight, the words.
It's time, sir.
.
Is he here?
In Berlin?
.
No, of course not.
Why leave Hogwarts
when the world outside is burning?
.
I thank you, Mr. Scamander.
Thank you.
.
I see many familiar faces here tonight.
Colleagues, friends...
.
foes.
Within the next 48 hours...
.
you, along with the rest of
the Wizarding World...
.
will choose our next great leader.
A choice that will shape our lives
for generations to come.
.
I have little doubt that,
no matter who should triumph...
.
the Confederation will be in able hands.
Liu Tao.
.
Vicencia Santos.
Thank you, thank you.
.
It's in moments such as these
we are reminded...
.
that it is this peaceful transfer of power
which marks our humanity...
.
and demonstrates to the world
that, despite our differences...
.
all voices deserve to be heard...
even voices which many
may find disagreeable.
.
Newt.
Any of those lot look familiar to you?
.
Paris. The night that Leta...
They were with Grindelwald.
.
And so, after an extensive investigation...
the Confederation has concluded
that insufficient evidence exists...
.
to prosecute Gellert Grindelwald...
for the crimes against the Muggle community
of which he was accused.
.
He is hereby absolved
of all his alleged crimes.
.
Are you kidding me?
They're letting the guy off?
.
I was there, he was killing people.
You're under arrest.
.
All of you.
Wands down!
.
Theseus.
Theseus!
.
Newt, Newt. Not here.
Newt, we don't stand a chance.
.
Let's go. Newt...
they have the German Ministry.
.
We've got to go.
It ain't right. That's not justice.
.
"Extended investigation." I was there.
Were you there? Were you there?
.
I was there.
- You just let a killer off!
- Jacob.
.
We have to go. We have to go.
Jacob, let's go.
.
That's very good.
Her favorite.
.
Remember how she begged Mother to make it?
Ariana.
.
Mother claimed it calmed her,
but I think that was wishful thinking.
.
Albus.
I was there.
.
I grew up in the same house.
Everything you saw, I saw.
.
Everything.
Read the sign, you stupid sod.
.
I'm sorry to disturb you, Albus.
Tell me, what is it?
.
It's Berlin.
What happened?
.
Vogel has absolved
Gellert of all his crimes.
.
He's free. He says there's no proof.
He tried to arrest aurors who were there
the night Leta Lestrange was murdered.
.
Rather disappointing.
I'm going to need someone
to cover my morning classes.
.
Can I impose on you?
Of course.
.
And, Albus, please be...
I'll do my best.
.
Evening, Aberforth.
Evening, Minerva.
.
Apologies for calling you a stupid sod.
Apology accepted.
.
I'm afraid I'll have to
cut our evening short.
.
Off to save the world, are we?
That will take a better man than me.
.
Don't ask.
There are thousands in the streets
chanting your name.
.
You're a free man.
Tell the others to prepare to leave.
.
- Tonight?
- Tomorrow.
.
We'll have a visitor in the morning.
Why does it stay with him?
.
It must sense what he's about to do.
And you're sure...
.
that he can kill Dumbledore?
His pain is his power.
.
The man that I am inquiring about
is the head of the British Auror Office.
.
How can you have misplaced
the head of the British Auror Office?
.
As our contention said,
since he was never in our custody...
.
we never misplaced him.
Sir, there were dozens of people there,
any one of them could corroborate...
.
- And your name is?
- Let's get out of here.
.
Wait a minute, that's the guy.
Come here. Come here.
.
Excuse me!
That's the guy.
.
He knows where Theseus is.
Hello!
.
Where's Theseus?
That's him.
.
He knows about Theseus.
Newt.
.
Albus.
Theseus has been taken to the Erkstag.
.
Wait, no,
but the Erkstag shut down years ago.
.
Yes, well, it's the Ministry's
secret little bed and breakfast now.
.
You'll need this to see him.
And one of these.
.
And this.
Wait, wait, wait.
.
I trust you're enjoying
your wand, Mr. Kowalski?
.
Me? Yeah, thank you, Mr. Dumbledore.
It's a real pip.
.
I advise you to keep it close.
- Professor Hicks.
.
- Dumbledore.
Assuming you're not otherwise engaged,
and frankly even if you are...
.
I encourage you to attend
tonight's candidates' dinner.
.
Take Mr. Kowalski.
I'm quite certain
there'll be an assassination attempt.
.
Anything you can do to scotch that
will be greatly appreciated.
.
It's my pleasure.
I shall welcome the challenge.
.
Besides, I'll have Jacob with me.
Not to worry.
.
Professor Hicks's
defensive magic is superb.
.
Until next time.
Such a flatterer.
.
Well, not really. It is superb.
Albus.
.
I was just wondering...
Yes.
.
- The case.
- Yes.
.
Rest assured, it's in safe hands.
Can I help you?
.
Yes.
I'd like to have this case
replicated, please.
.
Certainly.
No, you mustn't open it.
.
I mean, it's not necessary.
The interior isn't important.
.
I see no reason I can't make you one.
If you leave it here.
.
No...
I couldn't leave it.
.
And I'll be needing more than one.
You see...
.
my husband, he's a bit absentminded.
He's always forgetting things.
.
Just the other day,
he forgot he was married to me.
.
Can you imagine?
But I love him.
.
Exactly how many were you thinking?
Half a dozen...
.
and I'll need them in two days' time.
Show your hands.
.
Who are you?
My name is Yusuf Kama.
.
Who's our visitor?
I'm an admirer.
.
You murdered his sister.
Her name was Leta.
.
Leta Lestrange.
Yes.
.
You and your sister
share an ancient bloodline.
.
Shared.
That's the only thing we shared.
.
Dumbledore sent you, am I right?
He fears you're in
possession of a creature.
.
He fears the use you may put it to.
He sent me here to spy on you.
.
What would you like me to tell him?
Queenie.
.
Is he telling the truth?
What else?
.
Even though he believes in you...
he holds you responsible
for his sister's death.
.
He carries her absence with him every day.
Every breath he takes
is a reminder that she breathes no more.
.
Then I presume you won't mind
if I relieve you of your sister's memory.
.
Right?
Right.
.
There.
Better?
.
I thought so.
When we allow ourselves to be consumed
by anger, the only victim is our self.
.
Now, we were just about to depart.
Perhaps you'd like to join us?
.
Come, we can talk some more
about our mutual friend, Dumbledore.
.
After you.
Hello, Credence.
.
Do you know what it's like to have no one?
To always be alone?
.
It's you.
You're the one sending messages
in the mirror.
.
I'm a Dumbledore.
You abandoned me.
.
The same blood that
runs my veins runs yours.
.
He's not here for you.
He's here for me.
.
Things are not quite
what they appear, Credence...
.
no matter what you've been told.
My name is Aurelius.
.
He's lied to you.
Kindled your hate.
.
What he's told you isn't true...
but we do share the same blood.
.
You are a Dumbledore.
I'm sorry for your pain.
.
We didn't know, I promise.
I've come to see my brother.
.
His name is Theseus Scamander.
Sorry, that's...
.
Wand.
That's...
.
I'm a magizoologist.
He's perfectly harmless.
.
He's just a pet, really.
Sorry.
.
That's Teddy.
He's a total nightmare, truth be told.
.
They stay here.
So, how will I know where to find him?
.
He's your brother?
Yes.
.
He will be the one
who looks like your brother.
.
I will be back, Pick.
On my word.
.
"I'll be back, Pick."
"On my word."
And I'll be Minister of Magic one day.
.
Take us 'round the back.
It's not safe here.
.
No.
Roll it down.
.
What?
The window.
.
Roll it down.
Grindelwald! Grindelwald!
.
No. No!
Those people...
.
aren't suggesting we listen to them.
They aren't asking us to listen.
.
They're demanding it.
You're actually proposing that
that man be allowed to stand?
.
Yes.
Yes, let him stand.
.
Gellert Grindelwald
wants a Muggle-wizard war...
.
and if he gets his wish,
he won't just destroy their world...
.
he'll destroy ours as well.
Which is why he cannot win.
.
Let him stand as a candidate.
Let the people vote.
.
When he loses, the people will have spoken.
But deny them their voices...
.
and those streets will run with blood.
Theseus.
.
Lally...
the guy with the hair...
.
sitting next to Edith.
He looks like he can kill somebody.
.
He also looks like my Uncle Dominic.
Is your Uncle Dominic
the Norwegian Minister of Magic?
.
No.
Didn't think so.
.
Queenie.
Madam Santos, a pleasure.
.
Your supporters are in fine voice.
As are yours, Mr. Grindelwald.
.
Rescuing me, are you?
That's the general idea.
.
And I presume this...
whatever it is that you are doing,
is strategic.
.
Yes, a technique called limbic mimicry.
It discourages violent engagement,
theoretically.
.
I've only actually ever
attempted it once before.
.
And the results?
Inconclusive.
.
Course that was a laboratory setting...
and the conditions were
strictly controlled, and the...
.
Well, the current conditions
are more volatile...
.
so making it less predictive
of the ultimate outcome.
.
The ultimate outcome presumably...
being our survival.
.
Well done, come on.
And the plan is?
.
Hold this.
What the bloody hell was that for?
.
We're gonna need some help.
Follow me.
.
Come on.
You're no swiveling properly.
.
Swivel...
swivel, but delicately.
.
I'm swiveling like you're swiveling, Newt.
I don't believe you are.
.
Swivel.
Go to him.
.
Queenie.
Tell him it's all right.
.
I can see he's failed.
He'll have another chance.
.
It's his loyalty I most value.
Stay here.
.
Apologies.
Oh, boy.
.
Let her go.
Excuse me?
.
Assassin!
No, wait.
.
Newt!
Accio!
.
Grab the tie.
That was a Portkey.
.
Yeah.
Well done, you two.
.
Not that either of you asked, but I
would highly recommend learning Charms.
.
Lally.
What kept you two.
.
We encountered some complications. You?
We encountered some complications.
.
Jacob tried to murder Grindelwald?
It's a long story.
.
Is it really snake wood?
Yes, it's really snake wood.
.
Can I...
Very dangerous.
.
It's very powerful.
It's rare. If it got in the wrong
hands, you know...
.
mess you up.
Where did you get it?
.
I got it for Christmas.
Jacob...
.
look who I found.
Hey.
.
It's my wizard friends, Newt and Theseus.
We're like this, okay,
and that's me right there.
.
I gotta go.
All right, have fun.
.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Can you believe this place?
.
They got pint-sized little witches
and wizards running around here.
.
You don't say.
I was the assassin.
.
Newt and Theseus both went to Hogwarts.
I knew that.
.
Well, they're being very nice to me.
The Slytherin boys over there,
they gave me these.
.
They're delicious. Who wants one?
I never cared for cockroach clusters
much myself...
.
although Honeydukes
are supposed to be the best.
.
Off you go.
McGonagall.
.
Albus.
Well done.
.
All of you, well done.
Congratulations.
.
- Congratulations?
- Indeed.
.
Professor Hicks managed
to foil an assassination.
.
And you are alive and you are well.
The fact that everything didn't go
precisely to plan was precisely the plan.
.
Countersight 101.
Albus, forgive me,
but aren't we back where we started?
.
Actually, I would argue
that things are...
.
a great deal worse.
You haven't told them, have you?
.
Grindelwald's been allowed
to stand in the election.
.
- What?
- But how?
.
Because Vogel chose easy over right.
It's all right.
.
Bhutan.
Correct. Three points to Hufflepuff.
.
The kingdom of Bhutan
sits high in the Eastern Himalayas.
.
It's a place of indescribable beauty.
Some of our most important magic
has its origins there.
.
They say if you listen carefully enough,
the past whispers to you.
.
It also happens to be
where the election will be held.
.
He can't win, can he?
Only a few days ago
he was a fugitive from justice.
.
Now he is an official candidate in the
International Confederation of Wizards.
.
Dangerous times favor dangerous men.
By the way, we'll be dining
with my brother in the village.
.
Should you need anything before then,
Minerva is here.
.
Dumbledore has a brother?
Here we are.
.
Bunty, you're here.
Yes.
.
How is she?
She's fine.
.
What's Alfie done now?
Wait, you've not been biting
Timothy's bottom again, have you?
.
Miss Broadacre, I trust my
brother has been a gracious host?
.
Yes, ever so gracious.
I'm delighted to hear.
.
So, rooms have been arranged for you
in the village...
.
and Aberforth here
will prepare you a delicious dinner...
.
his own recipe.
There's more of that if you want it.
.
Thank you.
Thanks.
.
Astonishing.
Never has something that looks so repellent
tasted so delicious.
.
Who is this little one?
Do you mind?
.
She's a Qilin, Jacob.
She's incredibly rare.
.
One of the most beloved creatures
in the Wizarding World.
.
Why?
'Cause she can see into your soul.
.
You're kidding me.
No. So, if you are good and worthy,
then she'll see that.
.
But if, on the other hand,
you're cruel and deceitful...
.
then she'll know that too.
Oh, yeah?
.
Does she just tell you that or...
Not exactly tells.
.
Well, she bows, but only in the presence
of someone truly pure of heart.
.
I mean, almost none of us are, of course...
no matter how good of a person
one tries to be.
.
There was actually a time,
many, many years ago...
.
when the Qilin chose who'd lead us.
No...
.
Okay. All right, already.
Here you go.
.
Thriving.
He's just hungry. Look at him.
.
- She really likes you, Jacob.
- Oh, all right.
.
It's okay.
Come with me.
.
I'll help you.
He's your son, Aberforth.
.
He needs you.
Newt.
.
Come in.
Albus, the mirror downstairs,
there's a message.
.
Close the door.
It's from Credence, Newt.
.
The summer Gellert and I fell in love...
my brother fell in love as well...
.
with a girl from the Hollow.
She was sent away.
.
There were rumors about a child.
Credence...
.
He's a Dumbledore.
If I'd been a better friend...
.
to Aberforth,
if I'd been a better brother...
.
he might have confided in me.
Perhaps things would have been different,
and this boy...
.
could have been part of our lives,
part of our family.
.
Credence can't be saved,
I know you know that.
.
But he may yet be able to save us.
Phoenix ash.
.
The bird comes to him
because he's dying, Newt.
.
I know the signs.
You see...
.
my sister was an Obscurial.
And like Credence,
she never learned to express her magic.
.
Over time it grew darker
and began to poison her.
.
Worst of all, none of us
were capable of easing her pain.
.
Can you tell me how it is that...
or how it came to an end for her?
.
Gellert and I had made plans
to go away together.
.
My brother didn't approve.
One night, he confronted us.
.
Voices were raised, threats made.
Aberforth drew his wand, which was foolish.
.
I drew my wand, which
was even more foolish.
.
Gellert just laughed.
No one heard Ariana coming down the stairs.
.
Can't say for certain it was my...
spell.
.
Doesn't really matter.
One minute she was there,
and the next she was gone.
.
I'm so sorry, Albus.
But if it's of any comfort,
perhaps she was saved some pain...
.
Don't.
Don't disappoint me, Newt.
.
You of all people.
Your honesty is a gift...
.
even if at times a painful one.
Our friends downstairs will be tired
and wanting to go home.
.
You should go.
Albus, Lally said something earlier...
.
about most of us being
ultimately imperfect.
.
But even if we make mistakes,
terrible things...
.
we can try to make things right.
And that's what matters...
.
trying.
We're with you.
.
Thank you.
Our time is close, my brothers and sisters.
.
Days of hiding are over.
The world will hear our voice.
.
And it will be deafening.
You didn't come here
to betray Dumbledore...
.
You know in your pure-blood heart...
your place is here.
.
To believe in me is to believe in yourself.
Prove your loyalty, Mr. Kama.
.
Vulnera Sanentur.
Rennervate Vulnera Sanentur.
.
There.
There, there.
.
There.
Come, look.
.
This is why we are special.
To conceal our powers
is not merely an affront to ourselves...
.
it's sinful.
Was there another?
.
Another?
That night, was there another Qilin?
.
I don't think so...
That's twice you failed me.
.
Do you not understand
the danger you put me in?
.
One last chance.
Understood?
.
Find it.
Hey, Newt.
.
What is this place?
The room we require.
.
I trust you all have the tickets
that Bunty gave you?
.
You'll need them to
gain access to the ceremony.
.
What do you think, Newt?
Can you tell which one is yours?
.
No.
Good. I'd be worried if you could.
.
I assume the Qilin's in one of these cases.
Yes.
.
- Well, which one is it?
- Which one indeed.
.
It's like a three-card Monte thing.
Like a shell game thing.
.
Like a short con.
Never mind, it's a Muggle thing.
.
Grindelwald will do anything
within his powers...
.
to get his hands on our rare friend.
Therefore, it's essential that we keep...
.
whoever he dispatches
on his behalf guessing...
.
so the Qilin gets to the ceremony safely.
If, by teatime, the Qilin,
not to mention all of us...
.
are still alive...
we should consider our efforts a success.
.
For the record, nobody ever died
playing three-card Monte.
.
An important distinction.
All right, everybody choose a case
and we'll be on our way.
.
Mr. Kowalski, you and I
will proceed together first.
.
Me?
Okay.
.
I'm looking forward
to you educating me a little further...
.
on the finer points
of three-card Monte.
.
My pleasure.
Well, good luck, everybody.
.
Good luck.
And you too, Bunty girl.
.
See you, Bunty.
It is not lost on those of us in leadership
that we are currently a world divided.
.
Each day brings talk of another conspiracy.
Each hour another dark whisper.
.
These whispers have
only increased in recent days...
with the-addition of a third candidate.
.
There is only one way
to leave absolutely no doubt...
.
that a worthy candidate exists amongst
the three you have been presented.
.
As every schoolboy and girl knows...
the Qilin is the purest of creatures
in our wonderful magical world.
.
It cannot be deceived.
Let the Qilin unite us.
.
Santos! Santos! Santos!
Come.
.
Where to, next?
This is where I leave you.
.
I'm sorry, you're what?
Leaving me?
.
I have to meet someone else, Mr. Kowalski.
Not to worry...
.
you'll be perfectly safe.
You don't have the Qilin.
.
Feel free to drop the case
at the first hint of trouble.
.
One other thing, if you
don't mind me saying.
.
You should stop doubting yourself.
You have something most men
go their entire lives without.
.
Do you know what that is?
A heart that is full.
.
Only a truly brave man...
could open himself up
so honestly and completely, as you do.
.
Santos! Santos! Santos!
Cases, please.
.
Hey, fellas.
He's angry.
.
Wait.
Open them, make sure it's in there.
.
Idiots.
How long does he have?
.
Here. Hey. Hi.
You're in danger, all right?
.
- You need to leave.
- Well...
.
I can't go, okay?
I can't come home.
.
It's too late for me, all right?
Some mistakes, they're just too big.
.
Can you listen to me?
There's no time. I was followed.
.
I gave 'em the slip, but it won't
be long before they find me.
.
- They're gonna find us.
- I don't care.
.
All I got is us.
I make no sense without us.
.
Jacob, what? Come on...
I don't love you anymore.
.
Just get outta here.
You're the worst liar in the world,
Queenie Goldstein.
.
You hear that?
What? No.
.
That's a sign.
Oh, man.
.
- Come on.
- Come here, come here.
.
Close your eyes.
Please close your eyes.
.
You know what Dumbledore said to me?
No.
.
He said that I got a full heart.
He's wrong.
.
I'm always gonna have
room in there for you.
.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
.
You know it.
Look at me.
.
Queenie Goldstein.
Mr. Scamander.
.
We've never been properly introduced.
Henrietta Fischer...
.
Herr Vogel's attache.
Yes...
.
hello.
I can take you up.
.
There's a private entrance
for members of the High Council.
.
If you just follow me.
I'm sorry, why would you do that?
.
Take me up?
Isn't it obvious?
.
No, frankly, it's not.
Dumbledore sent me.
.
I know what you have
in that case, Mr. Scamander.
.
He should be here any minute.
What kept you?
.
I thank the candidates for their words.
Each represents a distinct vision
of how we will not shape only our world...
.
but the non-magical world as well.
Which brings us to the most important
part of our ceremony...
.
the walk of the Qilin.
The Qilin has seen.
.
Seen goodness...
strength...
.
qualities essential to
lead and to guide us.
.
Who do you see?
Gellert Grindelwald is the new leader
of the magical world...
.
by acclamation.
This is the man who tried to take my life.
.
This man, who has no magic...
who would marry a witch
and pollute our blood...
.
create a forbidden union
that would make us less...
.
make us weak, like his kind.
He's not alone, my friends.
.
There are thousands
who seek to do the same.
.
There can only be one response
to such vermin.
.
No.
Crucio.
.
No!
Make him stop!
.
Our war with the Muggles begins today.
Jacob.
.
He's lying to you.
That creature is dead.
.
Not now. Wait.
He did it to trick you.
.
He killed it and bewitched it...
so that you might think him worthy to lead.
.
But he doesn't want to lead you.
He just wants you to follow.
.
Words.
Words designed to deceive.
.
To make you doubt what you've seen
with your own two eyes.
.
There were two Qilins born that night.
A twin.
.
And I know that...
I know that...
.
Because?
Because you have no proof.
.
Because there was no second Qilin.
Am I not right?
.
Its mother had been killed, it...
Then where is it now, Mr. Scamander?
.
No one can know everything, Newt.
Remember?
.
I don't get it.
She can't hear you, little one.
.
Not here...
but perhaps somewhere she's listening.
.
This is the true Qilin.
Look at it...
.
you can see it with your own eyes.
This is the true...
.
This can't be allowed to stand.
The vote must be taken again.
.
Come on, Anton. Do something.
You...
.
No, no, no, please.
I'm honored.
.
But just as two of you
were born that night...
.
there's another here, equally worthy.
I'm certain of it.
.
Thank you.
Who will love you now, Dumbledore?
.
You're all alone.
I was never your enemy.
.
Then, or now.
Did you ever think of me?
.
Always.
Come home.
.
Here she is.
Well done, Bunty.
.
Come on, little one.
I'm sorry.
.
I must have given you an awful fright.
No, I think...
.
sometimes it takes losing something
to realize quite how much it means.
.
And sometimes you just...
Sometimes you just know.
.
Right, in you pop.
Mr. Kowalski.
.
I owe you an apology.
It was never my intent
for you to suffer the Cruciatus curse.
.
Yeah...
well, you know, we got Queenie back,
so we're square.
.
Hey, can I ask you a question?
Can I keep this?
.
For, like, old times' sake?
I can't think of anyone more deserving.
.
Thanks, Professor.
Remarkable.
.
But how?
I thought you couldn't
move against one another.
.
We didn't.
He sought to kill, I sought to protect.
.
Our spells met.
Let's call it fate.
.
After all, how else
will we fulfill our destinies?
.
Albus.
Promise me.
.
You'll find him and you'll stop him.
Albert, don't forget the pierogis.
.
Yes, Mr. K.
Albert.
.
No more than eight
minutes on the kolaczkis.
.
Yes, Mr. K.
He's a sweet kid.
.
He doesn't know the difference
between paszteciki and golabki.
.
- Hey, sweetheart.
- What?
.
Newt doesn't know
what you're talking about.
.
I don't know what you're talking about.
And you are not working today, remember?
.
Are you all right, honey?
You're nervous about the speech.
.
Don't be nervous.
Tell him, honey.
.
Don't be nervous about the speech.
I'm not nervous.
.
What is the smell?
Why is there burning? Albert?
.
Maybe we're nervous
about something else, huh?
.
I can't imagine what you're talking about.
So, the day that I first met Jacob...
.
The day that I first met Jacob, we were
both sitting in the Steen National Bank.
.
Never would I...
The maid of honor, I presume?
.
The best man, I gather?
- You've done something to your hair.
.
- No.
Well, yes, actually, just...
.
Just for tonight.
- Well, it suits you.
.
- Thank you, Newt.
- Hello.
.
- Hi.
Look who's...
.
Hi.
So good to see you.
.
- Hi.
- How are you?
.
You look wonderful, Lally.
Well, thank you, Newt. I appreciate it.
.
Good luck.
Tina, come on.
.
- You must tell me how MACUSA's been.
- See you inside.
.
What about me? How do I look?
- You all right?
.
- You look fine.
You okay?
.
Yeah, I'm all right.
You're not nervous, are you?
.
Can't be nervous about
a speech after saving the world.
.
It's a historic day.
Where once was before,
there will now be after.
.
Funny how historic days seem so ordinary
when you're living them.
.
Well, perhaps that's what happens
when the world gets things right.
.
It's jolly nice to know
it happens occasionally.
.
I didn't know if I'd see you here.
I wasn't sure you would, either.
.
Hey, Newt.
Yes.
.
Jacob seems to think he's lost the ring.
Please tell me you've got it.
.
No, it's all good. Yep.
That scared me. Jacob!
.
Good man, Pick.
I should probably...
.
Thank you, Newt.
What for?
.
Pick your poison.
I really couldn't have done it without you.
.
I'd do it again, by the way.
Should you ask.
.
Okay.
Hey.
.
- Hey!
- Hello!
Bunty!
.
Wow, you're so beautiful.
I can't believe it.
.
This is Albert.
I don't know if you've met Albert, yet?
.
Have you met Lally?